I s/love/hate/g perl
<@dinosaurs> he probably ate bbq spaghetti while he played mp3s off his huwei mobile
<@b3nsf89> [desYpfa]: you programmed your bot to be a dumb dumb, just like yourself
<@b3nsf> humans are like beer yeast, they eat all the sugar until theres none left then they die
14:07 <@dinosaurs> good thing we moved our email to the cloud.  I was getting sick of my email always working and being available
<@craque> dude have you seen the trailer for the new muppet movie? <@craque> i seriously want to see it
<@dinosaurs> goddamnit I just signed into snapchat for the first time in over a week and have a snap from sunday "need your dick sucked?" <@dinosaurs> I might have to watch blood in, blood out
blood in blood out https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4iunN6lcSU
<@lostsync> how hard do you have to verbally assrape someone to get them to report you for assault? <@lostsync> joe went full gordon ramsay
<@[desYpfa]> ready to start sportin' shorts+flipflops to work <@craque> i never wear anything
A blind man can see his mouth. 
A buckle is a great addition to an old shoe. 
A cabin with plenty of food is better than a hungry castle. 
A dimple in the chin; a devil within. 
A disease known is half cured. 
A dog with two homes is never any good. 
A fast is better than a bad meal. 
A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor's book. 
A good retreat is better than a bad stand. 
A good servant makes a good master. 
A hut is a palace to the poor man. 
A lock is better than suspicion. 
A man is often a bad adviser to himself and a good adviser to another. 
A narrow neck keeps the bottle from being emptied in one swig. 
A new broom sweeps clean, but an old broom knows the corners. 
A nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse. 
A nod's as good as a wink to a blind horse. 
A quarrel is like buttermilk: once it's out of the churn, the more you shake it, the more sour it grows. 
A quiet tongue shows a wise head. 
A scholar's ink lasts longer than a martyr's blood. 
A silent mouth is sweet to hear. 
A sly rogue is often in good dress. 
A small benefit obtained is better than a great one in expectation. 
A trade not properly learned is an enemy. 
A trout in the pot is better than a salmon in the sea. 
A true friend laughs at your stories even when they're not so good, and sympathizes with your troubles even when they're not so bad. 
A turkey never voted for an early Christmas. 
A Tyrone woman will never buy a rabbit without a head for fear it's a cat. 
All sins cast long shadows. 
An old broom knows the dirty corners best. 
Any man can lose his hat in a fairy wind. 
Anything will fit a naked man. 
Apelles was not a master painter the first day. 
Be neither intimate nor distant with the clergy. 
Better be quarreling than lonesome. 
Better be safe than sorry. 
Better fifty enemies outside the house than one within. 
Better one good thing that is than two good things that were. 
Better one house spoiled than two. 
Beware of people who dislike cats. 
Continual cheerfulness is a sign of wisdom. 
Crafty advice is often got from a fool. 
Death is the poor man's best physician. 
Do not mistake a goat's beard for a fine stallion's tail. 
Don't give cherries to pigs or advice to fools. 
Drink is the curse of the land. It makes you fight with your neighbor. It makes you shoot at your landlord and it makes you miss him. 
Even a tin knocker will shine on a dirty floor. 
Even a worm will turn. 
Every invalid is a doctor. 
Every Jack has his Jill. 
Every patient is a doctor after his cure. 
Everyone is nice until the cow gets into the garden. 
Everyone is wise until he speaks. 
Falling is easier than rising. 
Fear is a fine spur; so is rage. 
Firelight will not let you read fine stories but it's warm and you won't see the dust on the floor. 
Good luck beats early rising. 
Good luck comes in slender currents, misfortune in a rolling tides. 
Great hate follows great love. 
Handfuls make a load. 
Handle the pudding while it's hot. 
He who gets a name for early rising can stay in bed until midday. 
His eyes are like two burnt holes in a blanket. 
His face would hang him. 
Humor to a man is like a feather pillow. It is filled with what is easy to get but gives great comfort. 
If the knitter is weary the baby will have no new bonnet. 
If you come up in this world, be sure not to go down in the next. 
If you have one pair of good soles it is better than two pairs of good uppers. 
If you have to swallow a frog, try not to think about it. If you have to swallow two frogs, don't swallow the smaller one first. 
Instinct is stronger than upbringing. 
It destroys the craft not to learn it. 
It is a long road that has no turning. 
It is better to be a coward for a minute than dead the rest of your life. 
It is better to exist unknown to the law. 
It is easy to halve the potato where there's love. 
It is no time to go for the doctor when the patient is dead. 
It is not a fish until it is on the bank. 
It is not a sin to sell dear, but it is to make ill measure. 
It is the quiet pigs that eat the meal. 
It's a bad hen that won't scratch herself. 
It's as hard to see a woman crying as it is to see a barefooted duck. 
It's for her own good that the cat purrs. 
It's no delay to stop to edge the tool. 
It's no use boiling your cabbage twice. 
It's no use locking the stable door after the horse has bolted. 
Its no use going to the goat's house to look for wool. 
Keep a thing for seven years and you'll find a use for it. 
Keep a thing seven years and you'll always find a use for it. 
Lack of resource has hanged many a person. 
Let him who will not have advice have conflict. 
Listen to the sound of the river and you will get a trout. 
Marriages are all happy. It's having breakfast together that causes all the trouble. 
Marry a mountain girl and you marry the whole mountain. 
Men are like bagpipes: no sound comes from them till they're full. 
Men are more prone to revenge injuries than to requite kindnesses. 
Mere words do not feed the friars. 
Nature breaks through the eyes of the cat. 
Nature will come through the claws, and the hound will follow the hare. 
Need teaches a plan. 
Need teaches things unlawful. 
Neither give cherries to pigs nor advice to fools. 
Never bolt your door with a boiled carrot. 
Never burn your fingers to snuff another man's candle. 
Never buy through your ears but through your eyes. 
Never cast a clout till May be out. 
No matter how often a pitcher goes to the water it is broken in the end. 
Nodding the head does not row the boat. 
Noiseless is the approach of the avenging deities. 
One beetle recognizes another. 
Patience is poultice for all wounds. 
People live in each other's shelter. 
Poor is the church without music. 
Poor men take to the sea, the rich to the mountains. 
Postpone not a good action. 
Poverty parts good company. 
Praise the ripe field, not the green corn. 
Praise the young and they will blossom. 
Praise undeserved is satire in disguise. 
Praise without profit puts little in the pocket. 
Put a beggar on horseback and he'll gallop. 
Put a coward to his metal an' he'll fight the de'il. 
Put silk on a goat and it is still a goat. 
Quiet people are well able to look after themselves. 
Scattering is easier than gathering. 
Snuff at a wake is fine if there's nobody sneezing over the snuff box. 
Soft words butter no parsnips, but they won't harden the heart of the cabbage either. 
Take gifts with a sigh; most men give to be paid. 
Take heed is a good reed. 
The beginning of health is sleep. 
The best way to keep loyalty in a man's heart is to keep money in his purse. 
The day will come when the cow will have use for her tail. 
The devil never grants long leases. 
The full person does not understand the needs of the hungry. 
The herb that can't be got is the one that heals. 
The hole is more honorable than the patch. 
The Irish forgive their great men when they are safely buried. 
The longest road out is the shortest road home. 
The longest way around is the shortest way home. 
The mason who strikes often is better than the one who strikes too hard. 
The mills of the gods grind slowly but they grind finely. 
The old pipe gives the sweetest smoke. 
The older the fiddle the sweeter the tune. 
The raggy colt often made a powerful horse. 
The seeking for one thing will find another. 
The slow horse reaches the mill. 
The stars make no noise. 
The thief is no danger to the beggar. 
The thief is sorry he is to be hanged, not that he is a thief. 
The wearer best knows where the shoe pinches. 
The windy day is not a day for scallops [thatching]. 
The work praises the man. 
There are finer fish in the sea than have ever been caught. 
There are fish in the sea better than have ever been caught. 
There is hope from the sea, but none from the grave. 
There is light at the end of the tunnel. 
There is no luck except where there is discipline. 
There is no strength without unity. 
There never was a scabby sheep in a flock that didn't like to have a comrade. 
There never was an old slipper but there was an old stocking to match it. 
There's no need to fear the wind if your haystacks are tied down. 
Though honey is sweet, do not lick it off a briar. 
Treachery returns. 
Trust me, but look to thyself. 
Two shorten the road. 
Two Sir Positives can scarce meet without a skirmish. 
Two thirds of the work is the semblance. 
Two to one is odds. 
Two-thirds of help is to give courage. 
Walk straight, my son - as the old crab said to the young crab. 
We'll never know the worth of water till the well go dry. 
What fills the eye fills the heart. 
What is in the marrow is hard to take out of the bone. 
What the child sees, the child does. What the child does, the child is. 
What's good for the goose is good for the gander. 
When a twig grows hard it is difficult to twist it. Every beginning is weak. 
When the hand ceases to scatter, the heart ceases to pray. 
When the hand is clean, It needs no screen. 
When the sky falls we'll all catch larks. 
Where the tongue slips, it speaks the truth. 
Winter comes fast on the lazy. 
Women do not drink liquor but it disappears when they are present. 
Women in state affairs are like monkeys in glass-houses. 
You are not a fully fledged sailor unless you have sailed under full sail, and you have not built a wall unless you have rounded a corner. 
You must crack the nuts before you can eat the kernel. 
You must cut your coat according to your cloth. 
You'll never plow a field by turning it over in your mind. 
You've got to do your own growing, no matter how tall your grandfather was. 
Your son is your son until he marries, but your daughter is your daughter until you die. 
Youth does not mind where it sets its foot. 
Youth has a small head. 
Youth is wasted on the young. 
Youth sheds many a skin. The steed (horse) does not retain its speed forever. 
<@lostsync^> my dog has one of those stupid cones on his head for stupid dogs who cant stop eating themselves <@lostsync^> i keep wondering if he's experiencing life as a parabolic microphone now
<@lostsync> why did she care that there are unfolded clothes in the living room? becasue its a mess? because it looks like im leaving it for her? no because she wanted to sit down and play minecraft and it was in the way
<@ian> why the hell does a car just catch fire <@dinosaurs> because your wife paid some immigrants (aka ms13 members) to make it look like you had an "accident"
 peerce> these aren't jokes, they are puns.  Dawn> yeah  Dawn> Knock knock
<@skoal> We were doing jokey bots 20 years ago in here. I got kids now.
THESE PRETZELS ARE MAKIN' ME THIRSTY
<@darkcube> "MAKE HOUSE ACID AGAIN"
<@darkcube> "MAKE TECHNO DETROIT AGAIN"
<@dinosaurs> I jumped a train and instead of robbing it I just killed errybody <@dinosaurs> then the cops showed up and I murdered all of them <@dinosaurs> I was like I AINT RUNNIN NO MORE
@lostsync> yeah its like an all day battle for me to not smoke starting at 8AM so i got this thing meant for fat people to lock their moon pies in
<@dinosaurs> chemtrails still be turning the frogs gay though, dawg
< skoal> so I had a weird dream < skoal> I walked in on my buddy's wife, who is this heavy italian girl, and she was legs up jamming a dildo into her box and rocking a hitachi in the other hand.  multipass> what was your reaction  skoal> In the dream? I turned around and walked out of the room.  skoal> After I woke up? "fat italian masturbating" into porno search engine.
< peerce> had almost 1/2" this morning.
 <useattle> somethingto think about: why the fuck do we allow midget women to be cops?
Arch Linux - you do it to shit on plebs. not cause its good.
 Gimp-Cow> go use your hacksaw on that onion  Gimp-Cow> i prefer knives that can be used to debone humans
< peerce> i'm amused that roach coaches have been rebranded foodtrucks.
<@dinosaurs> someone is dropping a shitload of fiber outside my apt
<@dinosaurs> any woman I date, if they pull that I just quit responding for a few days until they're like WTF @dinosaurs> and then I just tell them they're being trained <@dinosaurs> act like an asshole and I'll take your dick away
18:31 <@ltCd-> Humans are anti-entropic, we'll be 100% anti-entropic if we cured death with sustainable happiness which is the end-result of True Socialism
